do you think there will be a lot of
issues if the team starts to lose no I
don't think so because I don't think
we're gonna start losing well we are
officially halfway done with the split
and echo fox has only dropped one game
so far I'm right here with an arrow with
coverage brought to you by Omni slash to
talk about his role on coaching the team
so first off in arrow a lot of people
probably don't know much about you
because you have not been the most
public figure
previously especially as a coach can you
talk to me a little bit about you know
where you come from how you ended up in
this like what your history is I mean a
few people know about my history I guess
it's not the greatest I mean I was on
Dream Team contract issues painted minds
and then I ended up at echo Fox helping
the Challenger team for a bit and just
kind of randomly turned into me working
for the LCS team because the spot opened
up yeah and so now you're helping out
the team do you I mean how much does a
team success and I this is a very
forward question but how much does the
team success you think it's coming from
you because they're right now you guys
are looking you know like one of the
best teams on the LCS how much of an
impact do you think you're having on the
team and and where do you think you're
having that impact yes I'm not gonna
like steal all the credit for it at all
like the players that we picked up we
honestly just kind of got for a steal
like all five players are just gifted
shit men they're so good they're so
smart and they all actually care about
winning which is like the biggest thing
so I mean I think as long as there was
someone here that could keep them all in
line the team would be the same no
matter what so I'm not gonna like still
all the credit for that they're all just
good as fuck I'm just making sure
they're all on the same page really so
is that what you're here for to keep
them all online or that's what I mean
it's like where are you adding the value
cuz some coaches like bring a ton to
pick and ban other coaches are like
actually it's more the players
themselves that are doing a pick and ban
I'm here to make sure that they can all
talk to each other without getting angry
you know there's like a bunch of
different iterations so where do you see
yourself adding the value
I mean picking bands like a pretty huge
thing me and think art both do a lot
with that like on stage I just have like
a full sheet of like 12 different
scenarios we've been through we spend
the whole week talking about it like
every discussion we had between games is
centered on picking band towards the end
so we're all aware of it I mean it's a
mix of both outside of it to like of
course this team outside of game like
everyone's waiting for the
blow up still like we lose a scrim game
everybody's mad as fuck man they're like
they're gonna be pissed off at each
other it happens all the time
and I'm just there to kind of make sure
everyone's in line with that too I just
do a bit of everything but pick bands
pretty big so then are you like holding
the explosion in because or it or is
because my assumption was that this team
that this whole narrative of all this
team is gonna explode it's kind of like
outdated like by like three week three
week four things started look okay and
so but you're mentioning like after
scrims people are angry so so is this
are you the guy that's like keeping it
all from exploding I mean not really I
want them to be angry like if they lose
the scrim and they're not mad like what
the fuck dude like that sucks right
I think the toxicity thing is kind of
just it's kind of some BS the NA just
has in general every other sport you're
gonna lose the game everybody in the
locker room is gonna be pissed off like
everyone's gonna be upset that they just
lost cuz no one wants to lose and it
seems to be like kind of a common trend
that some people will just be okay with
it like it's good if a team isn't having
these like internal conflicts afterwards
and obviously I don't want the players
like beating each other up after the
screens are like hating each other but
when they come out of the game they're
gonna be pissed off they lost and then
we just talk about what happened and we
fix it and I feel like if we're not
doing the hat it's it's pretty bad and I
think it's just an na scrim culture
thing that that was a problem and most
of these issues that people had outside
of game we're just standing from the
fact that the people they played with
maybe just didn't care as much as they
did because all five people here
actually cared like about winning so if
they're mad I don't care I'm happy I'm
happy that they're mad it's such a good
problem okay so I hate bringing this up
because I think it's kind of tired but
only because of what you were just
saying everybody's you know dar talk has
got this history every since he's toxic
you're seeing the toxic side of North
America's it's like an overrated thing
so I am very curious Jews feel like cuz
now people meme about da rock being
reformed do you think he never needed to
be reformed in the first place it was
just sort of the environment and that
it's not actually a situation where he's
like improving as a teammate yeah I mean
it's hard to say
I mean even Josh said in his past themes
that he was a dick and he was hard to
work with so he probably was but going
into this like he still had his issues
outside a game
like in-game really where he would say
stuff in the game and we just talked
about it like it's not helping anything
and he's aware of it and it's something
that he tries to fix and he has his own
ways of fixing it in game but I don't
think it's a huge problem I think
outside of the game maybe the issues
just stem from his teammates really with
anything but it's still hard to say I
don't know how his past teams went
really okay let's talk about so things
are looking really good right now
because you guys are eight and one if
this team was one and eight like it's
it's is it safe to say that it would be
like a much worse environment or because
you said they take losses hard right and
a lot of people feel like part of the
only reason echo Fox is doing so well is
because they're winning so in in and the
events where things start to flip or go
sideways like should echo Fox fans start
to worry I mean not now no but we're
just focusing on playoffs now and
getting better for that but I mean any
team that's won in a it's gonna have
problems it's not gonna be a good
environment I don't think I've ever
heard of a team that's had a
one-in-eight split and felt like they
were all good and happy and friends
together it just doesn't exist I mean I
was using one day as a hyperbole but I
mean it do you think there will be a lot
of issues if the team starts to lose no
I don't think so because I don't think
we're gonna start losing really well
okay well you can't answer it that way
you're like you can't like if I ask you
a question about if that if things go
bad if they start losing you can't be
like doesn't even matter they're not
gonna lose I mean I guess you can but in
a crazy world right where something
starts to happen yeah right the right
designers all collude to create a meta
that is just as bad as it could possibly
get for echo fox all odds are gets you
start dropping bait games is that is
that gonna be an issue I don't think it
will honestly like we're gonna be fine
like yeah they get mad about losing
games but it's literally for five
minutes and after that they're best
friends again like it it's totally chill
they just understand that it's a sport
and they're all trying to be the best
they can be and they get pissed that
they're not as good as they wanted to be
in that game so even if we start losing
it's just more dry for than one get
better yeah alright and then I kind of
wrap this up with are you guys the best
team in the na LCS right now I mean
we'll know tomorrow I'm not too sure yet
like I know we can't be the best team in
na for sure I mean we've already beat c9
we just got to do it tomorrow beat him
again so everybody actually just starts
believing it
and then if you guys are the best does
that mean that you guys will make
history by winning finals by winning
finals you're the best there's a good
chance you could do that be able to win
finals like I feel like this team can
honestly do anything like we can compete
internationally we just got to get to
that point so I'm pretty sure we can win
finals it's just right now we're just
focusing on getting better and I really
worried about title or anything I know
pretty good well unfortunately this
interview will come out after the cloud
9 match tomorrow so if you lose against
cloud 9 this is the quote will look a
little ironic but I'm excited to see how
that match goes it's gonna be super high
is there anything that you want to say
to me the echo fox fans honestly just
thanks for the guys that like stuck
through with echo fox last split i know
there's a few out there that we're here
since like the 1 in 17 echo fox days so
yeah thanks to those guys for sticking
around and then just kind of maiming the
hell out of me on this court like it's
funny and I always love opening discord
after the games do you find final
question because nobody gets out without
a silly question do you the chest hair
does that allow the team to respect you
more like I said I like allow you to
establish your maturity over there I'm
just asserting my dominance you know I
honestly I lost my tie
and I haven't gone out and bought one so
I just felt like it looks stupid if I'd
buttoned it up another one I don't know
okay just rolling with it it's good I
like it well thank you so much for the
review really appreciate it for everyone
else you can check out my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel why haven't you
subscribed yet you should definitely see
that Omni slash and I are bringing you
these interviews you haven't done it
it's just so disappointing please please
subscribe